This scenario is intended as a framework for config modders to easily share and update their custom configs on the workshop or elsewhere.
You can also use this for your own personal use to edit custom configs without them being in danger of getting overwritten by a game update.

This scenario generates a default survival game, with all the default planets, missions, and galaxy, but loaded with your custom config files.
You can use either a custom config.ecf, and/or the new config files included with Alpha 12.
All a player has to do is subscribe to your scenario on the workshop and then start a new game using your scenario.


Initial setup:

1: Copy the folder called "2122687972" from your Empyrion Workshop folder (default location SteamLibrary/steamapps/workshop/content/383120)
2: Place this entire folder into the main Empyrion - Galactic Survival/Content/Scenarios folder and give it a custom name.
3: Give it a custom description in description.txt
4: Give it a custom preview.jpg
5: Then complete the steps below to finish your initial setup or anytime you need to update your scenario on the workshop:


Process for updating your scenario (you'll want to do this whenever the game changes the gameoptions or solarsystemconfig files or you update your custom configs):

1: Copy your custom .ecf config files into the Content/Configuration folder of this scenario. You only need to copy files you actually changed, missing files will pull from default.
2: Copy all the SolarSystemConfig.yaml files from the Empyrion - Galactic Survival/Content/RandomPresets folder into the RandomPresets folder of this scenario.
3: Copy the gameoptions.yaml and gameoptions_example.yaml files from Empyrion - Galactic Survival/Content/Scenarios/Default Random and put them in the main folder of this scenario.
4: If sharing on the workshop, start Empyrion, select New Game > Single Player > Scenario, select your custom scenario and press the "update" button to update it.

The only folders in your scenario that should have any files in them are the main folder, the RandomPresets folder, and the Content/Configuration folder. All other folders (PDA, prefabs, and playfields) should stay empty of any files.
Remember to update your scenario anytime the solarsystemconfig or gameoptions files change.


Note: it is your responsibility to keep the gameoptions and solarsystemconfig files up to date, as well as whatever custom config files you are using.
Using custom config files can break save games and ship blueprints. Always remember to reproduce any game bugs in a default, un-modded survival game before reporting any bugs to the developers.

Please leave a comment on the Workshop if you have any questions!